Project deliverable 2: Procedural Java solutionWorth: 20 %Due: 17 October 2026Tasks1. Write a Java program that evaluates the prescribed heat exchanger using the supplied engineering model. The program must calculate and print the heat transfer rate, the outlet temperature of each stream, the pressure drop for each stream, and the total annual cost. The program can be a single class containing static methods. The inputs can be hard coded.2. Write a nonlinear equation (NLE) solver in Java that calculates and prints the flow rate of hot water required for a process outlet temperature of 45 °C. The solver should call the heat exchanger calculation methods written for task 1. The solver should use incremental search to find the bounds of the root and Ridders’ method to calculate the flow rate.3. Draw two logic diagrams: one for the program that evaluates the heat exchanger, and one for the NLE solver. You must use standard flowchart symbols in your diagrams. Assume the hot water flow rate available is between 0.5 kilograms per second and 8 kilograms per second. Your NLE should stop when the absolute residual is 0.001 degrees Celsius or less, or at 100 iterations. If all your calculations are correct, your NLE should suggest a hot water flow of approximately 1.3 kilograms per second.Please write all your Java code in one IntelliJ project. Upload the src folder of your IntelliJ project to a folder called ‘Deliverable 2’ in your private channel. Call the src folder ‘Src’.The logic diagrams should be PDF or Visio files.  Upload them to your Deliverable 2 folder. Call the files ‘Exchanger.pdf/vsdx’ and ‘NLE.pdf/vsdx’.AssessmentThis deliverable assesses the following course learning outcomes:* Indicator 2.4: your translating the heat exchanger engineering model and nonlinear approach to Java algorithms.* Indicator 4.4: your selecting a hot water flow required for a specified process outlet temperature.* Indicator 5.1: your using Java as a tool to solve a chemical engineering problem. Your Java code will be assessed for correctness and procedural decomposition. Your logic diagrams will be assessed for completeness, clarity, and identification of decision points. Your group will receive a grade from 0 to 4. Please read the level descriptions in the table below carefully. There are no intermediate grades (for example, 2.5). To receive a particular grade, your work must meet every requirement stated for that level. Formatting of your documents will be assessed for clarity and readability. 0No meaningful Java code or logic diagrams are submitted.1One calculation stage in the heat exchanger evaluation is correct. Other stages are incorrect or missing. The NLE solver and logic diagrams are missing or substantially incorrect.2Multiple calculation stages are correct. A meaningful attempt at the NLE solver and logic diagrams is submitted. The work does not meet every requirement of level 3.3All calculation stages are correct. The NLE uses incremental search and Ridders’ method. The logic diagrams use standard flowchart symbols, clearly identify decision points, and completely and accurately represent the program.4The work meets level 3. The code correctly supports both laminar and turbulent flow correlations for the inner pipe and annulus, both parallel and countercurrent flow arrangements, and either placement of the process stream and hot water. The code identifies conditions within the unsupported transition flow range. The procedural decomposition in the code is excellent: every method has a distinct purpose and there is no unnecessary repetition. The logic diagrams match the code perfectly. The logic diagrams communicate the execution path and decision points with exceptional clarity.Chemical Engineering		CHG 4343 – Fall 202612 of 2